I have been tripping over discrepencies for a while now. Writing
formal formatting rules should help.

Personally, I use Emacs' electric indent mode, so all of the codebase should
have rather uniform formatting already. Try and stick with it, but I'm not a
stickler for formatting.

Follow 80-col, having multiple windows open side by side is wonderful, and
dealing with truncated lines isn't fun at that stage. It also helps keep
better mental track of what each line does and needs. If you need to go
above 80 characters deep with eight spaces or tabs, you are doing something
wrong already. Try creating static inline functions above the code to simplify
it.

If an argument list to a function is too long, break each argument off
individually or leave it as one line. Don't try and fill each line to 80-col.

Exceptions are thrown on all calls to P_ERR or P_CRIT. All other uses of
exceptions in-line should be caught inside of the same function (effectively
a goto for non-optimal paths). Here are some other print rules that should
always be followed for my sanity:
- If a variable is interesting to a developer, but is completely useless to
  the people using it (i.e. it isn't causing a failure), use the P_VAR flag.
  The P_VAR flag should be optimized out of the code when some (not yet
  created) macro is passed in the Makefile.
- Human readable strings that are printed too much in the code and don't have
  any significance other than clarifying the state of the code should use the
  P_SPAM flag. This is turned on by default, but that is only for my own
  sanity.
- If it is slightly important to know from a debugging standpoint, use the
  P_DEBUG flag
- If an error is being thrown, print all relevant variables beforehand with
  P_WARN. NEVER put a valuable print after a P_ERR that isn't caught, since
  P_ERR always throws a runtime_error.
- P_ERR is used for errors. P_ERR should be caught as soon as something can
  be done to fix or mitigate the problem. Functions not only should have
  well-defined inputs and outputs, but also HOW they get those outputs. If
  there are multiple ways a function can get a valid output, then create two
  seperate functions.
- P_CRIT stops the program entirely. This is only currently used to stop the
  code when it comes across a function that has not been written yet. P_CRIT
  raises SIGKILL (was SIGINT, but could interfere with signal handler)

Use try-catch blocks in places where something can be done to solve or
mitigate the problem (i.e. don't catch and re-throw the same error).

I use structs instead of classes, but that doesn't matter. However, make
sure to explicitly use private or public tags in your structs/classes.

Every new type created needs to have a dedicated macro (defined at the end of
id/id.h), conversions to and from the macro to a human readable string, matching
how it is defined as a struct/class in the code (defined for string to char and
char to string in convert/convert.cpp), as well as a macro for safe destruction
(id/id_api.h, id_api::destroy()).

Any ID used to reference a specific type needs to use the full name of the
type in the ID definition (this is why I am writing the document). For example,
a network proxy ID (net_proxy_t) referenced by a network socket (net_socket_t),
needs to be defined as at least net_proxy_id. Numerical data sets need to be
referenced as at least math_number_set_t. Prefixing it with more information
is allowed and encouraged, so long as it makes the usage more clear (for example,
outbound_math_number_set_id and inbound_math_number_set_id).

Make sure you are checking return values and being consistent with
network byte-order (any long vector with individual items within it, like the
statistics sample sets, needs each individual item in the vector converted to
NBO in memory and from NBO for the getters).

Function macros are completely fine and are used rather often (PTR_DATA and PTR_ID
for safe casting, appending function name for simple prints of variables, etc).
Function macros are also used to repeat redundant code in certain functions,
making it simpler. It is highly recommended to #undef the function macros after
the function has been declared, to prevent spamming the "namespace" with short
and non-documented macros.

If a piece of code is unimplemented, but is referenced in the code, a #pragma
is generated, letting the builder know what is not implemented yet. #pragma
stays there until it has been implemented entirely, feel free to re-phrase the
#pragma to give more detailed warnings about the problem.

There are many places in the source code that don't follow these rules, and they
all should with reasonable exceptions:
- Exception thrown in print() is fine
- No ID hashes are possible before data is loaded, such as id_disk_index_t

I'm working on fixing actual errors as I'm working, but don't put the source
code as a de-facto formatting guide before this guide.
